Updated contents related to external TLS termination (#4105)
rancher/docs: content/rancher/v2.6/en/installation/install-rancher-on-k8s/chart-options/_index.md

Your load balancer must support long lived websocket connections and will need to insert proxy headers so Rancher can route links correctly.

### Configuring Ingress for External TLS when Using NGINX

> In the scenario that you are using external TLS termination configuration with NGINX, you must enable the `use-forwarded-headers` option for ingress:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a scenario in which you are using external TLS termination configuration with NGINX, you must enable the `use-forwarded-headers` option for ingress:
```

> Create a `/var/lib/rancher/rke2/server/manifests/rke2-ingress-nginx-config.yaml` file with the following contents on one of your rke2 nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a `/var/lib/rancher/rke2/server/manifests/rke2-ingress-nginx-config.yaml` file with the following contents on one of your RKE2 nodes:
```

> Create a `/var/lib/rancher/rke2/server/manifests/rke2-ingress-nginx-config.yaml` file with the following contents on one of your rke2 nodes.

Reviewer 2: This assumes we're using RKE2 while this page doesn't seem to be RKE2 specific - the only occurrences of "RKE2" term are in added content.

I think we should cover non-RKE2 cases as well.

Adding @kinarashah as "all things NGINX" expert to review as well.
